
sun - 2.43pm

1) Router is not working right after clicking the any button- requires refresh everytime - how will it 
store the logged in status? 
2) Images are not displayed.
3) Register page - take the data and create a user and keep that user in the browser memory
4) While logging in successful, keep the user name and display it into the next userHome page
5) While displaying image, grab the comments, likes.
6) Change the login and logout based on the login status in the side bar. 
6) Delete the user account - 

User story - Register a user, Login - post comments, likes, dislikes, delete the comments and the user
User story - already available users - you should be able to see the fav pages, profile pages, except
deleting her/him self, should be able to delete the comments. 


function logout() {
    // remove user from local storage to log user out
    localStorage.removeItem('user');
}

1) Image component is not rendering - this.props is undefined I used only map
2) How to login using the new Register credentials? HOw to access these state? If I use mapSateToProps
will it correctly connect to RegusterUSer Reducer and bring that data?



feb2nd - 8.59 - Things to do
1. render the comments & able to close the button and actions
2. profile page
3. favorite page
4. settings page
5. existing user - login
6. delete the comments, user

Saturday - 6.35 am
Todo List
1. adding pictures into likes - change the state - update with the time
2. Profile picture with Images - retrieve the based on the time
3. Delete the comments and user account - latter is done by default while logging out. 
4. CSS - CSS _ STYLING
5. readMd and comments - beautify the code
6. Heroku
https://perscholas.instructure.com/courses/630/assignments/80647
userstory 1 - done - create an account - login - logout
userstory 2 - profile images display - yet to do
userstory 3 - deleting the comments - settings page for deleting the user(logging out removing the user)
userstory 4 - unlike clicks should remove it from the liked List - remove the liked image from the page
              user homepage should be sorted by no of likes in descending order  
              if same no of likes, sort by time - most recent one on top 
userstory 5 - favorites page - Done CSS CSS CSS              
